hello everybody my name is Boden's and
welcome to season two of finding fortune
I think this is episode 5 so hopefully
you guys enjoy it before we get into the
episode though if you are looking to buy
or sell any coins on ultimate seen the
make sure to check out fever coin
trailers they're like a down below a
fast reliable and trustworthy source for
coins so make sure to check them out if
you are interested in buying or selling
coins any way into the episode and meet
you from us episode sold for think I was
6.2 k Valbuena sup 1.8 k and at one Lee
bronze with over 150 coins which means
we've actually only got three bronze
players left to go all three bronze
calves left to go isn't too bad i was i
was surprised with them and actually did
sell over the time of these selling and
we're gonna go pick up a meet you though
in ACM position but four thousand coins
hoping sills form for 6300 coins that'd
be a nice 2k profit if he does sell for
that price we're gonna go get realized
by on an oscar here and a 451 formation
bought it convert ought to write to a
striker and he's actually from testing
that position i've tried him out before
in like a random team that built and and
he does suit all day its paces in the
grace for a fun boy doesn't really
matter too much so he's very highly you
know demanded in that position
considering his and usually a camp auto
strike you wouldn't think it would work
but 4.5 k we boy for Hope himself at 8.1
k a lamp and here the 2100 coins and
another one for two thousand coins and
another one for 2,000 points here these
three were really really strange i have
no idea what was happening but these
three strike acquittal and pads on the
market but just for 2k star i think it
was from the same guy we have a look at
the names and we see that was from
beasts united FC I definitely know these
ones but you can check her back go back
and check and see but it's really weird
and all three ball for 2100 that one but
the other two for two thousand coins and
we're gonna try and sell them all 43.9 k
at least I think one for 3.88 and this
is always self 3.8 k but the other two
43.9 k because the formations are better
on them too and so I have no idea why
they were on the market and all like all
at the same price all bike barely
contested for and the bids but you're
seeing the next stem screen that they
all sold and I think it was like in
instance so we made an instant like 6k
profit on those guys which was really
really nice and it totally shocked me I
had no idea what was happening with them
but anyway that's a nice profit session
there coutinho here of 1000 coins a 4411
and because i was checking him out and
basically that 1000 coins is cheap in
general for him so hoping silver 2400
coins and he does sell that fast so of
course glutino is a fantastic place to
trade with especially the weekends
because he's so in high demand because
he really performs well lately in the
liverpool matches so maybe to check him
out when you're trading he's very very
good for trading 1.4 k we spent on this
tiote hoping son of a 2.2 k a van der
Vaart here first one of the series 1000
can we be spent on him any 433 formation
not convert anyway and trying to
position wise a ham jerky and a 433
formation for nine hundred coins and
knock averted anywhere position wise
boat's still a nice cat pick up 49 of
the coins hoping silver 2200 coins and
the Vanderburgh we're gonna try to sell
for i think about the same price
somewhere on that 2k mac which isn't too
bad and i just want to give a quick
mention to a trading tip boatload of the
other day it was up just basically smith
and i'm doing now for finding fortune
like the cams method so that link will
be in the description if you want to go
check it out if you did miss it
emotionally chill out and this down
below and you can click that and your
course get your feed for the yellow
training method and try and get better
at training yourself malouda here we
picked up for a thousand coins hope and
silver 2.1 gay the best buy of the
episode here 2500 points for a ham ji
jianye 4312 formation bots he is
converted to a CM so that means we can
sort of over 7,000 Colleen's very easily
and as you can see is stat so great all
round you know cm position may be
defending could be a little bit higher
but it doesn't matter too much as we're
gonna try and sell them for about 8 on
the corner i think that's what we're
putting about for so if he does so that
isn't easy 4k prophet may be
really really nice profit on him kakka
here for 1300 coins in a 442 formation
that's a last by the episode guys so
hopefully you've enjoyed it i'm going to
try and put him up for about 2.3
carolina anyway guys thank you for
watching if you have enjoyed please drop
a like if you only a subscribe for more
and as always I hope you have a great
day